Update notebooks doc w/ Kaggle and Colab usage. (#1772)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/notebooks.md

[Jupyter notebooks](https://jupyter.org/) are a very popular format for sharing code and data analysis for machine learning and data science. They are interactive documents that can contain code, visualizations, and text.

> ## Directly open models in Google Colab and Kaggle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Open models in Google Colab and Kaggle
```

maybe?

> When you visit a model page on the Hugging Face Hub, you’ll see a new “Google Colab”/ "Kaggle" button in the “Use this model” drop down. Clicking this will generate a ready-to-run notebook with basic code to load and test the model. This is perfect for quick prototyping, inference testing, or fine-tuning experiments — all without leaving your browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you visit a model page on the Hugging Face Hub, you’ll see a new “Google Colab” / "Kaggle" button in the “Use this model” drop down. Clicking this will generate a ready-to-run notebook with basic code to load and test the model. This is perfect for quick prototyping, inference testing, or fine-tuning experiments — all without leaving your browser.
```

![Google Colab and Kaggle option for models on the Hub](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/blog/hf-google-colab/gemma3-4b-it-dark.png)

Users can also access a ready-to-run notebook by appending /colab to the model card’s URL. As an example, for the latest Gemma 3 4B IT model, the corresponding Colab notebook can be reached by taking the model card URL:
https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-3-4b-it

And then appending `/colab` to it:
https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-3-4b-it/colab

and similarly for kaggle:
https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-3-4b-it/kaggle

> If a model repository includes a file called `notebook.ipynb`, Hub will prioritize that over the auto-generated notebook content. Model authors can provide tailored examples, detailed walkthroughs, or advanced use cases while still benefiting from one-click Colab integration. [NousResearch/Genstruct-7B](https://huggingface.co/NousResearch/Genstruct-7B) is one such example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a model repository includes a file called `notebook.ipynb`, we will use it for Colab and Kaggle instead of the auto-generated notebook content. Model authors can provide tailored examples, detailed walkthroughs, or advanced use cases while still benefiting from one-click Colab integration. [NousResearch/Genstruct-7B](https://huggingface.co/NousResearch/Genstruct-7B) is one such example.
```
